Although we can use, obviously Android Studio and create a module so we can write some common code
as we learn about Kotlin.
There are other options out there.
So if you want something different as opposed to working in an Android studio for Kotlin, you can go
to Google and type in Kotlin Playground.
Usually the first hit you get, that's where you need to go.
So let's click on codling playground of such, and this should open.
In fact, I've been working here.
That's why we have some code already.
But for you, you should probably just have something that says Hello world, so it should have something
that would say print hello world.
Something like this.
OK.
It's an amazing tool that is for free.
It's online and you can use this tool as well to write some Kotlin code and learn about Kotlin.
OK, so it's just another option I would like to give to you.
You can read more about this playground online playground, but it's really simple.
The government can do something like Val, save my name and just give it a value of James, for instance.
Of course, we can then pass in side of or print there and put the dollar sign to invoke the variable
say my name as such and picks that up.
And voila!
So to run, it's very simple.
You just click on this one button and it's going to run and print out James.
It's a very good alternative for learning about Colin and writing your Kotlin code.
So whichever one you want to use, I don't mind.
I just stick to one, or you can interchangeably use both of them as we go through cuddling.